hey everybody welcome back to know the
lion please inviting eliza contra plus
we got a knock out maybe some greedier
we're getting close to the point at
which we should unlock the lost I don't
know probably have like a lost month or
something qf q yv c 9p 1 number 7
letters I'm ok with that
I got a high apple pie in the sky hopes
here let's remind ourselves we haven't
played as a Polly on very much at least
in the the new safe we can go check this
out I don't dislike the bombs and we'll
probably get value here sure it's not
good but it's ok what do you do with
apollyon it's actually fairly simple you
suck up bad passives or awesome actives
but for the most part I think it's like
bad passives are the ideal item for you
because every bad passive I mean
obviously you'd rather just have a good
passive but there's a lot more bad
passive than good passers in the game or
at least there's a lot of passives that
are mostly irrelevant versus you know
your odds of getting a stat that's
actually meaningful when you suck it up
like a range upgrade for example getting
sucked up and turning into a tears
upgrade I think it's a pretty likely
situation so this might not be the run
I'm not gonna get your hopes up right
off the bat should we have taken a hit
of damage right off the cut absolutely
not
the other thing is that we essentially
might as well I'm not saying step on the
button but we might as well just let the
first phase and whenever it wants to end
here as long as we're not gonna die in
the process and then go buy a key and
see if we can pick up something from
this shot because we need damage
we need HP we need DPS we need to your
effects and if it's anything Oh like
knocked him right into me if it's
anything apart from that well we can
just execute the apollyon protocol in a
declassified dossier recently from the
National Security Administration oh
that's horrible
and yeah this is real bad I'm trying to
give myself as much real estate as is
plausible just kill this guy leave the
other dudes on the north
of the map it's too many it's too much
riffraff it's like I met an LMFAO
concert
apparently riffraff is not a member of
LMFAO by the way I was I was incorrect
I made that assessment on stream
recently it made me look very ignorant I
had no idea that he was like his own
personal entity I apologize I must have
missed you know culture when that
happened it's my mistake 13 cents okay
so you buy a key is cheap you go into
this room and you get crickets head and
now with the existence of crickets head
I'm like buy HP because this is a
winning run previously I might have been
like you know what we'll just try to
beat the boss without taking damage and
it probably won't work like we'll
probably get hit but oh my god I got
caught on the corner of the rock there
would've been better to just dodge but
you know if you dodge when there's no
shot coming for you you didn't dodge it
all you dotted it into a shot it's a
terrible idea just be smart about this
be smart about this you got smarts in
Isaac at least it might not be you know
Isaac Stephen Hawking but you're at the
very least you're like you know Isaac
Ken Jennings please get that face out of
here I don't care who I kill first
sounded way more menacing than it
intended to come across I don't care
which boss acquiesce is first either one
is fine by me we could die in a single
hit if we find ourselves in a delicate
situation I don't think we want we have
exactly 15 cents I don't think we owe no
we only have 14 cents disregard I was
gonna say experimental treatment maybe
but not a very plausible situation in
hindsight plus it could just take away
HP anyway I mean we could try to get
more money and then buy experimental
treatment or buy potato peeler but I
don't really think that that really
provides us with much value either if
I'm being a hundred percent honest like
what does potato peeler and give us we
get an orbital we get a small damage
buff we lose HP it's not like we can
suck it up like if we try to suck it up
with void then every time we use void
we're gonna lose an HP like an HP
container I should say it's gonna be a
nightmare oh god I've got cat fur just
like a single microscopic like filament
of cat hair that has worked its way into
the itchy as part of my nostril you are
so beautiful to me they were really did
not like that voice I don't know why I
did that dodge twice in a row I don't
know why the universe allowed it to work
twice in a row it really is just setting
me up for disaster oh that's an itch no
Krampus why well if we make it out of
this we've earned it you know we paid
our dues for crickets head lump of coal
is well worth taking now just don't die
I mean shoot these but we've gotten
major upgrades on the first floor we got
a good chance to succeed as a poly on
what we need to do is kind of guide it
into the end zone here the best way to
do that is by getting HP that's not HP
that's a suck right there we got speed
and shot speed totally fine not against
that we're gonna quickly check on this
this is good value potentially yeah the
Sun card it's actually a great value
I'll go one step further
we want that tears upgrade push this
button that's pretty nice I think I'm
gonna suck it up though I also buy the
key right off the bed now that we have
the Sun card we got a little bit more
leeway I'm feeling good five bombs plus
a bomb synergy please nuts rainbow baby
rainbow baby is worse than spider mod in
my opinion we'll probably try to make
both work though this is range and shot
speed not particularly strong we want
that tears upgrade now our damage is
good don't forget you know I think kids
these days they play Isaac you know cuz
their fathers like Isaac they don't
really have a respect for the game gosh
darn it please don't be a tears
downgrade how that's like still pretty
bad I think I'd prefer it to the tears
downgrade in the present moment but
still
kids these days always going around
disrespecting lump of coal you don't
even know dude the lump of coal is like
the 4-yard running back carry of Isaac
is it gonna make the highlight reels nah
you're pushing closer to a first down it
opens the defense up for you know
there's more bombastic passing plays
because they think you're gonna take the
safe route out in the future it's the
bread and butter of any good offense
you know I'm thinking if I just go deep
enough on the football metaphor you
might not realize that I have no idea
what I'm talking about outside of the
Madden series so I don't like that sound
are you gonna explode into more no you
can tell we're strong though cuz we're
beating the waves as fast as they can
spawn in most cases maybe like slightly
slower in some no big deal I'm gonna be
a $0.20 this is the final wave good
stuff okay so we definitely want torn
photo nice rate of fire increase I think
we just want to suck spider-man up luck
and damage I'm not sure how good luck is
for us but damage is very good so I know
there's gonna be a little bit of
disagreement over that spider mods suck
a lot of people love spider mods spider
mods got some good
you I don't disagree but I love stats
and after the last two runs can you
blame me man in the desert asked you for
a diet coke are you gonna be like
willing to diet coke why don't you just
get water it's better for quenching good
just give the man his diet coke okay
he's been starving or dying of thirst
give him his diet coke unless you know
you're a doctor at the hospital where he
was admitted in which case please just
you know a saline drip or something but
I've been starved for stats no I just
walked right into it I've been starving
for stats and apollyon is the stat giver
in the same way that thorn forge in New
Vegas was the slit tickler and that
Harvey danger was the flagpole Sitta get
shredded like a mini wheats we got no
bombs though how are you gonna do this
give me no bombs you know what it's okay
we got HP shouldn't be mad we got HP
instead of spending HP we don't want
anything else here mama mega is kind of
like it's an interesting ask but we're
moving on sixteen cents gives us an
immediate purchase or a key into an
immediate item room we have no charge
yet so let's cool it I think we can deal
with just having HP there that's fine a
little shot speed upgrade I'm gonna
start with blue cap I don't think we
want blue map we got blue cap who needs
blue map right so we're probably at or
near that's your cap I always heard
often I should say mess up the tier cab
five is the default
we're just gonna hold our charge for now
like we're doing etana damage a damage
with a five rate of fire and there I say
that our increased shot speed is
actually helpful
I will almost never give shot speed like
the time of day but in this present
situation I think it's getting a lot of
good work done you know it it's making
our shots like instant travel time
almost fairly helpful in ensuring we
actually manage to kill the enemies
before they get a chance to shoot in a
lot of situations alright this is our
final wave very helpful on enemies like
this that kind of teleport as well so
we're at 13 cents that's key territory
kind of hope we like what we see in our
item room I mean why wouldn't you I
guess but kind of hope we like what we
see so we don't use a charge I'm gonna
think about is the way I'm gonna phrase
this because we might want to use it on
a deal with the angel or devil and we're
only gonna get one shot as I said in the
last episode in my completely original
freestyle rap if you only get one or two
shots do not miss a chance to blow this
opportunity comes twice in a knife time
so we're gonna go through all of this
the straw is one of those things I know
people are gonna be like you should suck
it up but it's not the reason the straw
is good is not because it's objectively
good in a static context it's good
because it's okay in a static context
and then also you can use it once every
room or multiple times per room once
every six rooms getting a little bit of
you know damage done to everything that
you can see it's not that valuable it's
not bad I mean I'd take it but I'd
rather suck up a bad passive or a great
active and this raw is a great active
but not if you strip its charged time
away from it it's like principle
strength by far like even here sucking
up the Necronomicon is like a better
move I think I'm gonna be pretty
aggressive on this one I think I just
want to see ooh
gimpy we absolutely wants and now I feel
much more vindicated and going down to
low levels of HP here I'd much rather
have Necronomicon but you're not gonna
believe me
I was actually thinking to myself maybe
I'll go off on a tangent about how I'd
rather have the Necronomicon then the
reason that I was gonna do that and
again I recognize it sounds a little too
convenient but the reason I was gonna do
it is because the Necronomicon is like
my punching bag for bad or at least not
that useful space for items but it's
actually pretty useful if it charges
that the same speed as everything else
which it does in this situation so
polydactyly it's got something going for
a punching bag and you know not really
highly invested I'll just be happy I
think to go down with a lot of money to
the next floor we got two keys right off
the bat which is wonderful
dude blood clot is completely fine
synthol is amazing and then nothing I
was hoping that I could trick the game
by just going and then I think well
we'll go for spun we could use the speed
we don't need it but we can use it and I
don't know if we need toothpicks so
that's a little bit more of a of a guess
so again we probably don't want to use a
Necronomicon like but we don't want to
use void just for Necronomicon that's a
little overkill but if the stars align
and we're gonna get an extra charge
anyway we might as well kind of bereft
of reroll machines down here huh this is
my ideal run it's actually like one over
the previous runs the last two that
we've had cuz this one death is
extremely plausible but it's very strong
as well unlike that keeper run which was
like deaths not plausible at all and
then all of a sudden we were dead
because you couldn't kill enemies fast
enough to save our own skin
this one is much much much more
interesting I think
now do I want some HP to go along with
it yeah that's why I like you know what
the perfect
apollyon void item is prayer card you
know to be able to get essentially one
free HP upgrade per floor and if you get
battery charge is maybe even a little
more well worth it I kind of think you
go toothpicks and hope and it just gave
us shot speed which is pretty bad so
we'll we'll hold off then but if we ever
get to break the tear cap this will help
us it is that we paid fifty was fifteen
cents yeah we paid 15 cents for shot
speed it's a horrible pick-up but it we
could be vindicated much much later if
we managed to pick up a lot of stellar
items this is kind of like a bit of a
jacked up wave here you know we got some
we can make it get some high HP enemies
who in an array with one another are
actually quite difficult to dodge but
and whoever had money on little horn
being the last unit to die here go
collect your one hundred trillion
dollars from the Dead Pool do you have
enough money to buy something what was
the other item in there I thought it was
I thought it was maybe worth it a double
Right Said Fred here it's like the
easiest boss on planet Earth essentially
there's like two vectors on which this
guy can actually hit you so as long as
we don't stand on one of those for too
too long pretty much we're getting free
items here free access Elise
this could be for the best to be honest
double perthro well hold per throw
usually you don't want to use per throw
on a shop I think we might want HP +
trinket I'm not gonna be everybody's
favorite item for sure but the other
thing we can do is use per throw to
re-roll up bad active and hope to get
something a little bit more voidable hmm
okay that's a suck we got damage pretty
much the ideal outcome no bomb for sale
let's go peep this this is extremely
important it's actually a seem for us
right there because then we'll go push
this over its gonna take 20 years but
that's okay do we want a halo yes I
overate halo but it is HP plus other
things which is kind of what we want
right now now I am indeed I know you're
going NL don't you dare I'm Darren
now I'm actually Ryan but still I'm
thinking about re-rolling Oh or sucking
I should say multi-dimensional baby but
if we're gonna do that probably start
with that and you know what that's okay
I can live with that every like once
every 10 shots we get a really nice
monstro shot it's better than okay I
made it sound a lot worse than it is
with our rate of fire being as
ridiculous as it is this is actually
going to be useful like all the time
and with our shot speed the shots are
actually gonna land I would never
suggest that our shot speed is like one
of our primarily amazing attributes
right now but it's just I'm stunned that
it's helpful basically at all and this
runs shaping up do we want to buy a raw
liver I think we might I mean the HP is
pretty nice for us right now we never
need to donate anything we've already
maxed the donation machine we just want
to make sure we're getting value for
money sin victims playing player on owns
battle graphs I never thought I'd see
the day
what about pajamas
it's just a lot of spirit hearts but
three or four spirit hearts for seven
cents is an outrageously strong deal we
still have one more floor this would all
be it less items by the way let's just
finish off the boss here like just want
to make sure like we're hitting with the
pencil because the pencil shot is
actually like a one-hit ko if half of
the burst hits look at that like just
outrageously good obviously we want a
little rod and baby love we could buy
two more items the Steam sale might
actually be no joke the best item that
you could conceivably
get on agree to your run I really
thought that my master plan was gonna
work there oh this is what I need it was
like a pseudo kind of quick run after
that just not even god-awful but just
like the slog that the last couple of
runs were why would you buy a key there
in fact for the same price you could
have gotten latch key which is just
better in every single way I'm a little
I'm upset with myself just cuz it's you
know Kevin O'Leary
you're making me sad because you throw
away good money what did that money do
to you
kevin O'Leary also as an aside said it
was wonderful news that two billion
people on planet earth were in poverty
but we are losing me my money big fan of
his in case you it says is irrespective
of his politics mostly but at the same
time like come on boys and it's a
wonderful thing at two million people
are in poverty
I don't think that's a controversial
statement to say that's a little bit of
a ridiculous statement and I'm the king
of ridiculous statements I don't
understand why there's more than one nut
butter
what like peanut butter was good enough
for you now we got a so I haven't cashew
and hazelnut and almond butter and stuff
like that
come on I don't want to go to the
grocery store you know I'm gonna have
kids one day maybe got a dad what's nut
butter and I got a stifle a laugh like
all because you just couldn't go with
Skippy or jiff you had to be oh yeah
like hazelnut butter the best go eat
your Nutella then make yourself damn
case of Dilla um I mean I think we can
afford to buy infinite HP so we might as
well do this everything else why bother
like it's it's just not good enough 26
cents what do we do
latchkey for the spirit hard spun and
the damage very nice we definitely do
not need speed we might as well take a
cube of meat in that case we don't need
any of these other items we have no need
to suck the shovel up so we're kind of
just like I mean that's it we don't have
anything else to do with the money
well I was hoping we'd make hivemind
work probably will actually one of these
should have a coin get burned son well
you know like I said by a three cent
speed upgrade and then a 3 cent speed
upgrade let's get out of here can't
remember if we take double damage from
this point onwards but this should be a
well and truly sorted run that felt
amazing we should have sucked that up
what are we doing trying to get extra
value out of the quarter at this point
we want to donate to the green machine a
second time maybe we have to but I don't
think we do alright so like the money
maker is this pencil shot all those
super armor continues to irritate me to
no end so I used a void there I don't
know what we got I think maybe we got a
damage upgrade from Samson's lock
because Necronomicon killed enough
enemies to take us up a tick or
something dude like okay I'm gonna be a
whiny baby for a second I'll use my
whiny baby voice which is just my voice
when I'm complaining why is super armor
a thing like look at this 17 damage
times 5 rate of fire plus the pencil
shot and yet this dude is still like not
going down just takes away all sense of
accomplishment
I'll sense of power 4 and then gun greed
mode that annoys me the most cuz we
built this run on rock and freakin roll
dude like we are the ones who made the
decisions on this run that led to the
items that we got sure maybe it would
make it so that the keeper felt like way
too underpowered if you got too strong
maybe that means this should be tweaks
out swearing greed mode instead of just
like hey you see his HP bar well
actually it's lying to you
don't get tilted don't get tilted you
got a lot of HP plus you got perks using
perks properly is just like a good
reason not to throw this run down the
trash tube which is what we call our
garbage cans in Canada apparently please
highly roasted oh no kiddin Phase two
huh don't let him get the money that's
your money he wants it for HP
oh my lord this is it's coming off the
rails man its comment off the rails
we got gimpy though there's a lot of red
hearts on the ground he's not picking
those up I think we're fine nonetheless
his super armor can go eff itself as far
as I'm concerned though
I really thought we'd be safe there
wonderful just uh just a really I mean
I'm bad at this fight for one half of
this salt is just manufactured for
humors sake hopefully but still dude
it's not taking my money and healing
yourself with it that's my money that
time I shouldn't have stood there
you are a jerk but you're still gonna
die like all jerks and that's not a
menacing statement I'd like all nice
people as well okay we're losing too
much HP my dudes
how did we sneak through destroy him
destroy him well you have the chance
he's done he's done okay I mean dude if
that run ends up being difficult we got
problems black room is really good so
we'll continue to donate for reasons
unbeknownst
he likes to sleep at 9:00 p.m. but he
wakes up at 3:00 and tries to annoy me
not really a very good song is it hey
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you take like the
like button how's that a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I will see you next time